Close #11209: Show a warning when the user is running OpenRCT2 in Wine (#11395)
OpenRCT2/OpenRCT2: data/language/en-GB.txt

STR_6361    :Enable lighting effects on rides (experimental)
STR_6362    :{SMALLFONT}{BLACK}If enabled, vehicles for tracked rides will be lit up at night.
STR_6363    :Copied text to clipboard

> STR_6368    :For compatability reasons, it is not recommended to run OpenRCT2 with WINE. Instead, Linux is supported.

Reviewer: A few comments:
- The number should be the increment from the previous
- Typo fix and a change on the last sentence which I think makes it clearer.
```suggestion
STR_6364    :For compatibility reasons, it is not recommended to run OpenRCT2 with WINE. Linux is natively supported.
```

STR_6361    :Enable lighting effects on rides (experimental)
STR_6362    :{SMALLFONT}{BLACK}If enabled, vehicles for tracked rides will be lit up at night.
STR_6363    :Copied text to clipboard

> STR_6368    :For compatibility reasons, it is not recommended to run OpenRCT2 with WINE. Linux is natively supported.

Reviewer 2: Wine is available for other platforms: BSD, OS X, Android… don't assume Linux.

> STR_6368    :For compatibility reasons, it is not recommended to run OpenRCT2 with WINE. Linux is natively supported.

Reviewer 3: @tupaschoal STR_6364 has already been used. The number is correct, but the OP has branched off an outdated `develop`.

> STR_6368    :For compatibility reasons, it is not recommended to run OpenRCT2 with WINE. Linux is natively supported.

Reviewer 3: The Wine project writes its name like that - with only a capital at the start.

To address this and janisozaur's point:
```suggestion
STR_6368    :For compatibility reasons, it is not recommended to run OpenRCT2 with Wine. OpenRCT2 has native support for macOS, Linux, FreeBSD and NetBSD.
```

> STR_6368    :For compatibility reasons, it is not recommended to run OpenRCT2 with WINE. Linux is natively supported.

Reviewer: Ah, I see, thanks for clarifying Michael
